c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.exe.config
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\obj\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.exe
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.ServiceInterfaces.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.Utilities.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.ServiceInterfaces.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.Utilities.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\obj\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.exe
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\obj\Debug\Calculator.WinApp.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.LocalService.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.LocalService.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Storage.sdf
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.BusinessInterfaces.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.DataAccessInterfaces.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.BusinessInterfaces.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.DataAccessInterfaces.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\Calculator.BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\localadmin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ConsoleApplication2\Calculator.WinApp\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
